Adds Timers to app-dev guide (#1493)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/how-to-set-timers-in-typescript.md

---
id: how-to-set-timers-in-typescript
title: How to set Timers in TypeScript

> sidebar_label: Timers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Timers
description: To set a Timer in TypeScript, use the `sleep()` function.
```

tags:
  - timers
  - sleep
---

> To set a timer in TypeScript, use the [`sleep()`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/namespaces/workflow/#sleep) function and pass how many milliseconds you want to wait before continuing.
> 
> ```typescript
> import { sleep } from '@temporalio/workflow';
> 
> export async function sleeper(ms = 100): Promise<void> {
>   await sleep(ms);
>   console.log('slept');
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set a Timer in TypeScript, use the [`sleep()`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/namespaces/workflow/#sleep) function and pass how long you want to wait before continuing (using an [ms-formatted string](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ms) or number of milliseconds).

```typescript
import { sleep } from '@temporalio/workflow';

export async function sleepWorkflow(): Promise<void> {
  await sleep('2 months');
  console.log('done sleeping');
}
```
